joining us on on yet another crazy day
in the somewhat United States the state
of Alabama today I had a special
election to decide whether or not an
alleged sexual predator of young girls
will be there senator remember when we
used to find out politicians were
dirtbags after we elected them it was
like anyway I don't know the results yet
the polls just closed but I do know that
Roy Moore Roy Moore shouldn't even be in
there and I'm not talking about Senate
race I mean the human race is what he's
it's mind-boggling it
he wrote today he wrote a horse named
sassy to his polling place young girls
love ponies I guess I don't know there
have been there's been plenty of
opposition to Roy Moore even from within
his own party the other Republican
senator from Alabama spoke out against
them he said he did not vote for me
would not vote for him president Trump's
daughter Ivanka spoke out against him
she said there's a special place in hell
for people who prey on children and then
her dad was like yes but before that
there's a special place for him in the
Senate so there are rumblings that if he
wins Republican leaders might not even
put Roy Moore on any committees which
would be his story mark had become the
first person to be banned from the
Senate Budget Committee and them all
both of those they held a rally last
night
and the more campaign had a rally in
Midland City where Roy's wife Kayla
Moore who V we've not seen much of made
it very clear that contrary to what you
see on the fake news she and her husband
are not bigots in fact quite the
contrary fake news we tell you that we
don't care produce might tell you all
this because I've seen it all so I just
want to set the record straight while
they're here
one of our attorneys is a Jew
I know I had to keep saying this but
those aren't actors that really happen
those are people what have their
attorneys is it you it's like usually
when she says that work she whispers if
and now all sudden she has a mic in her
hand and it just comes blasting out the
only time you should be hitting the word
Jew that hard is when it's followed by
Majhi right maybe the most remarkable
part of this very remarkable speech is
that she has notes she's got that Jew
line is something she wrote down could
you imagine what she might have said if
she were winging it I'm gonna take the
word dirty out before June go down a
little bit smoother and by the way she
didn't stop there now that she had the
Jews in her pocket mrs. Moore took time
to highlight her husband's longtime
support of the african-american
community we first took office chief
justice many years ago he brought with
him
[Applause]
like in valise clog is about to get set
way back then Roy himself got up there
to say a few words about his wife and
somehow managed to make the night even
more awkward I appreciate her so much
and she's been a good mother
Wow I don't know according to the
security guards at the mall you and the
kids were pretty close so then and I
know it's almost impossible to believe
there's more but there is then one of
Roy's old buddies who served with him in
Vietnam told the story about a night one
of their fellow soldiers took them to a
brothel and I'm guessing this guy didn't
run this anecdote by anyone before
sharing it he took us to this place
which turned out to be a brothel we
walked inside I could tell you what I
saw but I don't want to it was clear to
us what kind of place it was and Roy
turned to me in less time than it took
for someone that come up to us and there
were certainly pretty girls and they
were girls are they were young some were
probably very young I don't know I don't
remember that I wasn't there long enough
Roy said to me we shouldn't be here I'm
leaving or words to that effect in fact
I think those were his exact words
Wow so he is a hero it turns out
hey Bill got any good stories about Roy
you can share I got one about some child
prostitutes he didn't have sex with
that's positive right
that's like defending OJ by saying I was
in a room with him once he didn't kill
anyone this is what a group this is and
this was the capper a spokesman for the
more campaign was on CNN today with Jake
Tapper
you know when they call someone a
mouth-breather well this man has not
made use of his nostrils since probably
1984 judge Moore has also said that he
doesn't think a Muslim member of
Congress should be allowed to be in
Congress why under what under what
because you have to swear on the Bible
you and you you when you are before I
had to do it I'm an elected official
three terms I had to swear on a Bible
you have to swear on a Bible to be an
elected official in the in the United
States of America he alleges that a
Muslim cannot do that ethically swearing
on the Bible you don't actually have to
swear on a Christian Bible you can swear
on anything really I don't know if you
knew that you can swear on a Jewish
Bible three times
I'm sure yeah I'm sure you've picked a
Bible but the law is not that you have
to swear on a Christian Bible that is
not the law if you don't know that all
right Ted Crockett I don't know I know
that Donald Trump did it when he when we
made him president because he's
Christian and he picked it that's what
he wanted to but that's we wanted to
swear and do more campaign good luck
tonight thank you so much for being
by the way Merry Christmas Jake Tapper
happens to be Jewish so that's the
spokesman for the more campaign they
call themselves the morons did you know
that I am Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen forever